I am
assistant acoustic research AWA 25 now
this is an indoor/outdoor mission-style
wireless speaker aged copper weighing
almost 5 pounds and look at the patina
on this speaker is incredible now to get
this going this is so simple all you
need to do is take your transmitter plug
it in insert the cable into the back
take the RCA cable which is provided
you're going to go red to red light to
light
plug the other in your RCA cable into
your wireless device this also works
with TVs and computers turn your device
on turn the power on now for video
purposes I've put batteries in the
bottom of this speaker but it also runs
plug okay we'll get this thing going
press play soon to that sound
now it gets even better because you can
use this speaker 150 feet from the
transmitter picture this on a shepherd's
hook out of your garden or your backyard
would that be beautiful here's where it
gets better I've got a second speaker
I'm going to take this speaker and flip
it upside down and put it on left we're
going to turn this one on
flip it up put it on right it already
automatically connected now we have a
pair
now remember to visit for home speakers
calm and please subscribe to our YouTube
channel we'll keep you up to date with
new product releases and sales thank you